HMI Font Pack
=============


About
-----

This HMI Font Pack contains a large selection of open-source fonts that can be used in Nextion / TJC HMI projects.
The Nextion Editor and TJC USART Editor use a propriatary .zi font format.
Now you can add a wide selection of quality fonts to your project in seconds.

In the font pack there are dozens of fonts for each supported language (codepage) in different fontsizes.
Only Regular styles are included in this release.

The .zi files are version 5 and support anti-aliasing and varable width fonts. Version 0.55 or higher of the Nextion / USART HMI Editor is needed to use these font files.


Open Source Fonts
-----------------

- Most of the fonts are from the Google Fonts project: https://github.com/google/fonts
- Additional Noto CJK fonts are from: https://github.com/googlefonts/noto-cjk

Additional OFL fonts can be included upon request.


Version History
---------------

| Date       | Version | Description
|:----------:|:-------:|----------------
| 2019-08-19 |  0.0.1  | Initial Release


License
-------

Most of the fonts in the HMI Font Pack use the SIL Open Font License, v1.1. Some fonts use the Apache 2 license. The Ubuntu fonts use the Ubuntu Font License v1.0.

The HMI Font Pack is licensed under the same open license as the source fonts.
The Reserved Font Names are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Each HMI font is prepended with the text "HMI" to indicate a derived work and has the .zi extension.
No changes were made to the original .ttf / .otf files.

There is a subfolder per license type:
- OFL : SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1
- UFL : Ubuntu Font License, Version 1.0
- Apache2 : Apache License, Version 2.0

The original license files for each source font are retained in each font directory.
Carefully read the license file before including the HMI font files into your HMI projects.


Disclaimer
----------

The HMI font files are automatically generated by an early release version of [ZiLib](https://github.com/hagronnestad/nextion-font-editor/tree/master/NextionFontEditor/ZiLib). No guarantees are made towards the usability or suitablilty of these font files in your HMI projects.

Please open an issue if you find an error, bug or mistake.